Tweak readme (#5210)
huggingface/datasets: README.md

- Smart caching: never wait for your data to process several times.
- Lightweight and fast with a transparent and pythonic API (multi-processing/caching/memory-mapping).
- Built-in interoperability with NumPy, pandas, PyTorch, Tensorflow 2 and JAX.
- Native support for audio and image data

> - Stream datasets without downloading them completely

Author: I changed it to

> Enable streaming mode to save disk space and start iterating over the dataset immediately.

tokenized_dataset = squad_dataset.map(lambda x: tokenizer(x['context']), batched=True)
```

If your dataset is bigger than your disk or if you don't want to wait to download the data, you can use streaming:

```python

> # If you want to efficiently download the data as you iterate over the dataset

Reviewer: Again here, "download" can be understood as "save to disk".

Author: Changed to

> # If you want to use the dataset immediately and efficiently stream the data as you iterate over the dataset

We have a very detailed step-by-step guide to add a new dataset to the ![number of datasets](https://img.shields.io/endpoint?url=https://huggingface.co/api/shields/datasets&color=brightgreen) datasets already provided on the [HuggingFace Datasets Hub](https://huggingface.co/datasets).

> You will find [the step-by-step guide here](https://huggingface.co/docs/datasets/upload_dataset) to upload a dataset on the Hub, and also [how to do it using git](https://huggingface.co/docs/datasets/share).

Reviewer: Nit: second option is "using Git"; then first option is using what?
Maybe something similar to:
```suggestion
You can find:
- [how to upload a dataset to the Hub using your web browser or Python](https://huggingface.co/docs/datasets/upload_dataset) and also
- [how to upload it using Git](https://huggingface.co/docs/datasets/share).
```

Similar to TensorFlow Datasets, 🤗 Datasets is a utility library that downloads and prepares public datasets. We do not host or distribute most of these datasets, vouch for their quality or fairness, or claim that you have license to use them. It is your responsibility to determine whether you have permission to use the dataset under the dataset's license.

> Moreover 🤗 Datasets may run python code defined by the dataset authors to parse certain data formats or structures. For security reasons, we ask users to check the dataset scripts they're going to run beforehand and pin the `revision` of the repositories they use.

Reviewer: Maybe to stress the security suggestion we could itemize it?
```suggestion
Moreover 🤗 Datasets may run Python code defined by the dataset authors to parse certain data formats or structures. For security reasons, we ask users to:
- check the dataset scripts they're going to run beforehand and
- pin the `revision` of the repositories they use.
```

> If you're a dataset owner and wish to update any part of it (description, citation, etc.), or do not want your dataset to be included in the Hugging Face Hub, please get in touch by opening a discussion or a pull request in the Community tab of the dataset page. Thanks for your contribution to the ML community!

Reviewer: Nit: I would also add "license" to the list, as it is missing in many datasets or it can be wrong
```suggestion
If you're a dataset owner and wish to update any part of it (description, citation, license, etc.), or do not want your dataset to be included in the Hugging Face Hub, please get in touch by opening a discussion or a pull request in the Community tab of the dataset page. Thanks for your contribution to the ML community!
```
